Eratos is a simple companion to "c10t":http://github.com/udoprog/c10t, a "Minecraft":http://minecraft.net/ cartography tool. Generate maps using a  friendly, human-readable YAML configuration instead of juggling shell scripts, command line switches and Minecraft block IDs!

"Eratosthenes":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eratosthenes was a Greek thinker who up and invented geography. He also came scary close to estimating how huge the Earth is just by looking at the sun from two cities—two thousand, two hundred and some-odd years ago. Wow. That is blisteringly badass.

h3. Requirements

* "c10t":http://github.com/udoprog/c10t
* Ruby 1.8.7
* "trollop":http://trollop.rubyforge.org/ Ruby gem (@gem install trollop@)

h3. Usage

Eratos is currently being fleshed out. Usage notes will appear soon!

h3. License <small>(MIT)</small>

<small>Copyright (c) 2010 Ross Paffett</small>

<small>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:</small>

<small>The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.</small>

<small>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.</small>
